CFE-371:[WIP] [Draft] Docs work for ALB Operator (#43744)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/multiple-ingress-through-single-alb.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="tls-termination-and-ddos-protection"]
= Adding TLS termination and DDos protection
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: tls-termination-and-ddos-protection

toc::[]

> The user can route the traffic to services as a part of a domain and can serve all the endpoints through a single ALB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can route the traffic to different services which are part of a single domain through a single ALB. Each Ingress resource will provide different endpoints of the domain.
```

Author: Addressed
